docs: add note about version number interpretation (#272)
unjs/changelogen: README.md

- `--prerelease`: Bump as a semver-prerelease version, can set id with string.
- `--hideAuthorEmail`: Do not include author email in changelog if github username cannot be found.

> [!NOTE]
>According to NPM, version numbers that begin with `0.0` or `0.0.0` follow different semantics. In these cases, the second or third digit may be treated as the major version, rather than following the standard `major.minor.patch` convention.
>

> >To ensure consistent interpretation of semantic versioning (`major.minor.patch`), it is recommended to start versions from `1.0.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>To ensure consistent interpretation of semantic versioning (`major.minor.patch`), starting versions from `1.0.0` is recommended.
```
